# new

I am not sure what to say. I am not a person who is used to sharing my inner thoughts, but I think my previous words might have hurt you, and I really regret it after it happened, and I care for you. I had some really bad relationships before, which hurt me deeply. It made my heart cold and made me avoid any relationship at all for the last several years, but when I saw you for the first time in the break room, I knew something was different. I always tried to find opportunities to talk with you, but you were so cold, at least on the surface, so I talked with people around you — Nicholas, Alice, Fumika — but really you are the true one I want to talk with. I can’t remember how many times I stood up from my seat and looked at your back, and how excited I was when you told me your first name. I really don’t know what to say. All of these are deep in my mind and I never shared them with others.

My old relationships taught me that I could only get through all of them by being tough enough, and that is what I did. But maybe sometimes being too tough can hurt people who want to get close. That is what happens. I should have learned that I shouldn't treat you like other normal people since you are different. The only piece of paper I carried during vacation back home is the notes which had your name written on, and I checked your bird drawings when the office is empty. The only thing I want you to know is that I care for you, and it is not at the time when I found that you care for me too — it is from long ago. 

But I have to be honest with you. When you do not reply to my messages, I understand that you just need some time to process and think, but the waiting time makes me recall some bad memories that I always try to escape from. Can you please, if you need more time, just let me know that you need more time? It is totally fine, but please don’t disappear if you truly care for me too.
